Next, we're going to implement the feature for updating ingredients on a recipe.

So if you head over to the code inside serialize the P, we're going to be making a change here to the

update method.

So below tags, I'm going to add a new line that says ingredients equals validated data to pop ingredients.

And we're going to default to a non value.

Then we're going to add a new F statement below this F block here.

So we're going to type if ingredients is not known, we are going to call instance dot ingredients,

dot clear and then self-taught get or create ingredients for ingredients instance.

So what we do here is we remove the ingredients from the validated data and then we are checking if

the ingredients is not non.

So if the ingredients is not non, that means there is a value associated to it and that could be an

empty list value.

That's why we specify it is not known and we don't say give ingredients because if we say if ingredients,

then that code won't be run.

If it's either a non an empty string or an empty list.

But because we do want to allow an empty list to be able to clear the ingredients, we explicitly assign

it to non if there's no value passed in and we're doing the explicit test here on A2 and says ingredients

is not non service anything other than the non value.

We are going to execute this.

So first we clearing the ingredients.

So the way that we do it is we just clear all the ingredients and then we call get or create ingredients

which will go through and it will either assign ingredients already exist or it will create them if

they don't exist.

So this should fulfill the requirement for this feature in our tests.

If we save the file, let's go ahead and open up that terminal, rerun the tests and let's see if they

pass.

Okay, so the tests pass successfully.

We've now implemented the feature for updating ingredients on a recipe and we can move on to the next

lesson.