```yml
apk add --update --no-cache postgresql-client jpeg-dev && \ # 15

build-base postgresql-dev musl-dev zlib zlib-dev && \ # 17
```
```python
# requirements.txt
Pillow>=8.2.0,<8.3.0
```
```bash
docker-compose build
```
In this lesson, we're going to be adding our image handling dependencies to our project.
So there are a couple of dependencies that we need to add.
We're going to start by opening up our project and then we're going to open up the file browser and
we're going to locate our Docker file.
So the first dependencies that we're going to add are going to be the packages, the Linux packages
that are needed in order to install and use the pillow library.
So the first one is going to be called the JPEG Def.
So if you locate line 15 here, so where we have apt add update and catch a PostgreSQL client, after
that we're going to add space.
J p e g hyphen def.
And this library needs to be installed on our docket image when we actually run pillows.
So pillows used directly by our image field that we're going to create with John Doe.
So any time we use that, we need to have this installed, which is why we add it up here with the postcards
to our client, because these are dependencies that are going to remain on the docket image after we
have built it.
The second type is the packages that are needed just for installing the pillar library.
And these are going to be added here on line 17.
So next to muscle def, he going to space z lib space z lib hyphen def.
And these are dependencies that will install just to install our requirements.
And then we're going to remove them later on in the build steps just to keep our docket image nice and
small and concise.
Okay, so save the Docker file.
The next thing we do is open up our requirements dot text file.
And this is where we're going to add pillow.
So we're going to type pillow more than equals.
8.2.0 comma.
Less than equals.
8.3.0.
Okay, that's what we need to do.
If you save the file, open up your terminal or your get bash, whatever command line you like to use.
So once you open up your terminal, we're just going to type Docker, compose, build to rebuild our
Docker image for our project.
This is going to rebuild the image and in the process it's going to be installing the new packages that
