
### What is a view?
- Handles a request made to a URL
- Django uses functions
- DRF uses classes
	- Reusable logic
	- Override behaviour
- DRF also supports decorators
- `APIView` and `Viewsets` = DRF base classes
API view and view set classes.
Now I get asked this question a lot, so I've added this lesson so that I can explain the differences,
so that you can understand why we use one or the other.
So, first of all, what is a view?
Well, a view is what handles the request that's made to a particular you are out in Django.
So it's the code that handles the request made to a URL.
Django uses functions for Vue, so if you're familiar with Django, you'll know that you can create
a simple Python function that accepts a request argument and that can be used as your view for handling
requests to a particular URL.
The Django rest framework builds on top of this, and to do that it uses classes.
So instead of providing just standard functions, they use classes that allow you to have some reusable
logic in your code.
Say it basically gives you a bunch of functionality that you can reuse from the Django rest framework.
And it also allows you to override behavior of certain things that these views do.
I should mention that Django Rest Framework does also support function based views using decorators.
However, I don't use that very often and you don't even really use that in my opinion, if you're creating
some very simple APIs.
I always find it's much better to use the class based fees, and that's what we're going to be covering
in this course.
So the API view and the view sets are base classes provided by Django Rest Framework that allow you
to pull in functionality from the Django Rest framework to create APIs.
So let's talk about the API view.

### APIView
- Focused around HTTP methods
- Class methods for HTTP methods
	- GET, POST, PUT, PATCH, DELETE
- Provied flexibility over URLs and logic
- Useful for non CRUD APIs
	- Avoid for simple CRUD APIs
	- Bespoke logic(eg: auth, jobs, external apis)
So let's talk about the API view.
The API view is something that we've used already previously in order to create our authentication endpoints.
So API views are usually focused around hasty methods.
So when you're using API views, there's a specific class method available for all of the different
Hastie type methods that you want to support on that endpoint.
This includes HTP, get per patch and delete.
Now these are just called the same names as methods, but just all in lowercase using API views provides
more flexibility of the URL structure and also the logic that's used to process requests.
The best thing to use API views for is when you have non CRUD APIs.
Now I'll explain what that means.
Crud, as I think we've already mentioned before, means create, read, update and leak.
And this is the basic functionality that you might perform on a model from your API.
Now if you creating an API that doesn't map to this functionality so it doesn't need to do, create,
read, update or delete for a specific model, then you might want to use an API view so you can add
some more customized logic.
API views are great for things like authentication, which we've already used them for things like running
jobs or making subsequent calls to external APIs.
So basically, anything that doesn't map to a specific model in your system, it might be better to
think about using an API view.

### Viewsets
- Focused around actions
	- Retrieve, list, update, partial update, destroy
- Map to Django models
- Use Routers to generate URLs
- Great for CRUD operations on models

Now let's take a look at view sets.
Unlike API views, the visa functionality is focused around actions.
So the naming of the functions includes things like retrieve, list, update, partial update and destroy.
These will ultimately map to hasty methods.
However, when you're naming them inside a view that you're using these names that reflect the action
that is being performed as opposed to the actual hasty dip method, usually a view that will map specifically
to a model in your system, and we'll be using a lot of the module view set, which is a type of view
set that maps specifically to a model.
When you use view sets, you can use routers which allow you to automatically generate URLs.
So you don't need to specifically define the structure of all the URLs.
It comes predefined with the view sets on the router that you're using.
Ideally, you should use view sets anytime you're performing CRUD operations on a particular model.
So let's say you have a model such as the recipe model, and all you want to do is create an API that
allows you to do, create, read, update and delete on items in that model.
Then a view is a great choice for that because it comes with a lot of functionality predefined out of
the box.